Professor: (https://ngwailung.com/about-me/)
Professor Billy Wai-Lung Ng

Professor Ng research interests are chemical biology, drug discovery, and medicinal chemistry. He completed his postdoctoral training at Harvard Medical School / Dana-Farber Cancer Institute. Prior to Harvard, he was a research fellow at University of Oxford, with funding supports from the Croucher Foundation and Marie Curie Fellowship (declined). He was a Fulbright Scholar at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) during his graduate study. He obtained his Ph.D. and B.Sc. (1st Class Hons.) in Chemistry from the Chinese University of Hong Kong (CUHK). 

Prof. Billy Wai-Lung Ng
Professor Billy Wai-Lung Ng leads the Ng Lab of Chemical Biology & Drug Discovery at the School of Pharmacy, the Chinese University of Hong Kong (CUHK). His research interests are chemical biology, drug discovery, and medicinal chemistry.
Professor Ng completed his postdoctoral training at Harvard Medical School / Dana-Farber Cancer Institute. Prior to Harvard, he was a research fellow at University of Oxford, with funding supports from the Croucher Foundation and Marie Curie Fellowship (declined). He was a Fulbright Scholar at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) during his graduate study. He obtained his Ph.D. and B.Sc. (1st Class Hons.) in Chemistry from CUHK.

Reviewer Roles
Journal Review Activities
Ad hoc Reviewer for over 40 journals; Recognized “Excellent Reviewer” by Publons – Science Translational Medicine, Nature Biotechnology, Nature Structural & Molecular Biology, Nature Chemical Biology, Molecular Cell, Nature Communications, Science Advances, eLife, ACS Central Science, Angew. Chem. Int. Ed., Journal of Biological Chemistry, JCI Insight, iScience, Organic Letter, Journal of Organic Chemistry, Chemical Communications, Protein Science, Acta Pharmaceutica Sinica B, ACS Medicinal Chemistry Letters, ACS Bio & Med Chem Au, ACS Omega, Antiviral Research, Viruses, Immunology, Virology Journal, Pathogens, Synlett, Tetrahedron, Tetrahedron Letter etc.

Grant Review Activities
Since 2024
Marsden Fund, Royal Society of New Zealand

Since 2022
Alzheimer’s Association Research Grant (AARG)

Since 2021
European Research Council (ERC) Starting Grant, Panel PE5

Professional Associations
Associate member of American Association for Cancer Research (AACR)

Member of International Chemical Biology Society (ICBS) 

Member of American Chemical Society (ACS)

Associate member of Royal Society of Chemistry (RSC)

Lab: (https://ngwailung.com/research/)
Research
The Ng lab uses synthetic chemistry, biochemistry and molecular biology to understand the dysregulated molecular pathways in human diseases, and to create novel therapeutic small-molecules to target these dysregulated pathways. We invent disruptive technologies and molecules to treat cancers, infectious and neurodegenerative diseases and collaborate closely with physicians and entrepreneurs to translate our finding from bench to bedside.

About Ng Lab
To relieve the suffering of patients and their beloveds, we need a more profound, deep understanding of human diseases and transformative therapeutics.
Our lab uses modern chemical and biological tools to develop novel and safe medicines for the treatment of various dreadful diseases, including cancers, infectious and neurodegenerative diseases.
Our lab has been funded by diverse sources, including the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, US National Academy of Medicine (NAM), the Innovation and Technology Fund (ITF), Research Grants Council (RGC) of Hong Kong, Health and Medical Research Fund (HMRF), and the Croucher Foundation.

Recruitment
We seek highly-motivated individuals to join our lab! 
We have multiple positions available at different levels:​
PhD Student
Postdoctoral Researcher
Research Assistant
Visiting Scholar
Research background in neuroscience, medicinal chemistry, chemical biology, cancer biology, pharmacology, AI or ML, and pharmacogenomics would be an advantage. 
Outstanding PhD and postdoc applicants will be nominated for the prestigious HKPF Scheme and RGC Postdoctoral Fellowship Scheme respectively.
Please send your CV and cover letter to nglab.recruitment@gmail.com