教授的相关资料：
Donald C. CHANG
Adjunct Professor
PhD Rice University
CONTACT
bochang@ust.hk
23587326
http://bochang.people.ust.hk/
Prof. Chang obtained a Bachelor degree from the National Taiwan University and Master and Doctoral degrees (in physics) from Rice University in the USA. He was Assistant Professor and Associated Professor in the Department of Molecular Physiology and Biophysics of Baylor College of Medicine (Houston, Texas, USA). In 1991, he joined the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology (HKUST) as a founding faculty member. He was appointed Professor and later Chair Professor. Prof. Chang was a Summer Investigator in Woods Hole Marine Biological Lab (1975-1995), Visiting Professor in Peking University (1981) , Tsinghua University (1986), and University of California at San Diago (1996). He is currently Professor Emeritus and Adjunct Professor in the Division of Life Science in HKUST.

Prof. Chang was the founding President of the Hong Kong Biophysical Society. He was also the Vice President of Hong Kong Institution of Science (HKIS), Council Member of the Asian Biophysical Association, Associated editor of the journal Biophysics, and a Corporate Member of the Marine Biological Laboratory at Woods Hole (USA). Prof. Chang was elected a Fellow of the Hong Kong Institution of Science in 2009.

Prof. Chang has very broad research interests, including biophysics, fundamental physics and macro-science. He has published three books and over 100 papers in international journals, including Nature, Science, PNAS and Biophys J. He also has about twenty international patents.

实验室的相关资料：
Welcome to the Website of Prof. Donald C. Chang (張東才教授 )
at the Hong Kong University of Science & Technology

 

      Prof. Donald Chang is currently Professor Emeritus and Adjunct Professor in the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology. He obtained a Bachelor degree (Physics) from the National Taiwan University (1965) and Master and Doctoral degrees (Physics) from Rice University (1970) in the USA. He was a joint faculty member in the Baylor College of Medicine (Houston, Texas, USA) and Rice University (Dept of Physics) during the 70s and 80s. In 1991, he joined the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology as a founding faculty member. He was appointed Professor and later Chair Professor.

      Prof. Chang has very broad research interests, including bio-medical physics, quantum physics and signaling mechanisms in living systems. He had conducted collaborative research in many institutions, including the Marine Biological Laboratory at Woods Hole (now part of University of Chicago), Peking University, Tsinghua University, NIH and University of California at San Diego (with Prof. Roger Tsien). He has published five books and over 130 papers in international journals, including Nature, Science, PNAS and Biophys J. He enjoys working on innovative projects and owns more than two dozen international patents.

      Prof. Chang was a pioneer in the early development of spin-echo NMR for cancer detection. He was the first one to report that the NMR relaxation times (T1 and T2) and diffusion coefficient undergo a progressive change when the biological tissue transforms from the normal morphological state to pre-neoplastic and then tumor state (PNAS 1972 and Nature 1972). This discovery was the scientific basis for the development of MRI. (Link: https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s44418-025-00001-9)

     Prof. Chang was the founding President of the Hong Kong Biophysical Society and a Fellow in the Hong Kong Institute of Science. In 2022-2024, he was appointed Ambassador for China by the Biophysical Society (USA). In 2023, Prof. Chang was elected a Fellow of the American Physical Society. He proposed a new theory for the origin of matter called the "Quantum Wave Model". (Link: https://link.springer.com/book/10.1007/978-3-031-48777-4)

Research Interests:

Foundation of quantum physics

Molecular biophysics and biotechnology

Signalling mechanisms in living systems